the fat controllers railway has a new
look
from end to end they're clearing old
ballast from the track and packing the
sleepers with fresh stones the gangers
are pleased weeds don't grow in it they
say
even James is not grumbling about debt
assignees
done listen Donald disappeared regularly
behind the big station along a line on
which none of the others had ever gone
they returned with loaded ballast trains
and one most mysterious about it there
were we engines bring the ballast dunes
for the hills as all they would say soon
the engines could talk of nothing else
James and Henry thought the Vette are we
engines must be some kind of magic I
don't believe it said Gordon
Donald and Douglas have pulled our
wheels before
but dr. watts deceive himself so he
asked permission to take some trucks
when he arrived he was told to push them
under the chute this was like a tunnel
made of steel girders on top of it stood
some queer looking trucks what do you
think of our shoot said the voice
Gordon it blinked standing beside him
was a small green engine where did you
spring from Mouse duck I've been here
all the time
smile the small engine boy Rex are you
I'm sure Oh duck how did you know that's
easy there's only one Great Western
engine in these parts there's a sudden
rattling and roaring duck soul train
shuddered what was that
he asked startled that was our suit the
pocket was meanwhile in the slide out
and the stones fall through the chute
into your trucks we may be small but
we're quite efficient puffed away much
impressed next time there was three
small engines
Rex introduced dr. Burton Mike as you
can see he went on the small controllers
give us different coats silly nonsense
rumbled might I like being blue
protested Burt it's all right for you
fumed Mike but not for me passengers all
say I look like a pillar box shocking
said Rex and winked at duck consider my
feelings when we were both green
passengers call me Mike knew you
spluttered Mike stow it you too said
Burt Duffy went on have you seen our
coaches we're all like ah stuck over
there said Burt but their truck I mean
they're not like ours we finished lamely
Rick smiled I agree by all our tracks
but I do you surprisingly well says you
put in my crudely
they're all right said Burt if you treat
him right
it's always passengers like them they
won't use cupboards on a fine day it's
this scenery you know trees mountains
and such can't understand it myself but
then passengers are queer you're right
there
said Mike give me goods trains every
time
do you like trucks duck was surprised no
all of them smiled Mike but our big
ballast hoppers are different they run
on bogies as sweetly as any coach we've
take them to the old mines fill them up
then run them down here to the shoot the
men pull some levers and the whole Lots
unloaded appts a small controller no
trouble at all how about hot axle boxes
put in Rick's we soon cured that
nonsense
you mean the small controller did same
thing grin Mike duck shuttle delightedly
Rickson might love teasing each other I
can't understand said duck why I've
never heard about you before the small
engine was all answered at once we've
only just come from our railway in
England which closed your Fat Controller
asked us to come and fetch ballast for
him and he said he'd bring us plenty of
passengers too after you read passengers
before I'm stuck only in England
it's our first season here Oh
promised duck then I'll bring you lots
goodbye goodbye and he puffed excitedly
away to see about